#
# This file is autogenerated by pip-compile with Python 3.10
# by the following command:
#
#    pip-compile
#
aiobotocore[boto3]==2.5.0
    # via -r requirements.in
aiohttp==3.8.4
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   aiobotocore
    #   aiohttp-cors
    #   faust-streaming
    #   langchain
    #   openai
aiohttp-cors==0.7.0
    # via faust-streaming
aioitertools==0.11.0
    # via aiobotocore
aiokafka==0.8.0
    # via faust-streaming
aiosignal==1.3.1
    # via aiohttp
airtable==0.4.8
    # via -r requirements.in
allure-pytest==2.13.1
    # via -r requirements.in
allure-python-commons==2.13.1
    # via allure-pytest
anyio==3.6.2
    # via httpcore
argilla==1.5.1
    # via unstructured
argo-workflows==6.4.6
    # via -r requirements.in
arrow==1.2.3
    # via -r requirements.in
asn1crypto==1.5.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   oscrypto
    #   snowflake-connector-python
async-timeout==4.0.2
    # via
    #   aiohttp
    #   aiokafka
    #   redis
attrs==22.2.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   aiohttp
    #   allure-python-commons
    #   boxsdk
    #   cattrs
    #   jsonschema
    #   looker-sdk
    #   pytest
authlib==1.2.0
    # via weaviate-client
avro==1.11.1
    # via confluent-kafka
azure-common==1.1.28
    # via -r requirements.in
azure-core==1.26.3
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   azure-storage-blob
    #   msrest
azure-storage-blob==12.15.0
    # via -r requirements.in
backoff==2.2.1
    # via
    #   argilla
    #   gql
beautifulsoup4==4.12.1
    # via -r requirements.in
boto3==1.26.76
    # via aiobotocore
botocore==1.29.76
    # via
    #   aiobotocore
    #   boto3
    #   s3fs
    #   s3transfer
boxsdk==3.7.0
    # via -r requirements.in
brotli==1.0.9
    # via fonttools
cairocffi==1.5.0
    # via cairosvg
cairosvg==2.7.0
    # via -r requirements.in
cattrs==22.2.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   looker-sdk
cerberus==1.3.4
    # via -r requirements.in
certifi==2022.12.7
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   httpcore
    #   httpx
    #   msrest
    #   requests
    #   sentry-sdk
    #   snowflake-connector-python
    #   unstructured
cffi==1.15.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   cairocffi
    #   cryptography
    #   snowflake-connector-python
    #   weasyprint
chardet==5.1.0
    # via -r requirements.in
charset-normalizer==2.1.1
    # via
    #   aiohttp
    #   requests
    #   snowflake-connector-python
click==8.1.3
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   click-log
    #   faust-streaming
    #   flask
    #   nltk
    #   typer
click-log==0.4.0
    # via -r requirements.in
colorlog==6.7.0
    # via mode-streaming
commonmark==0.9.1
    # via rich
compose==1.4.8
    # via -r requirements.in
confluent-kafka[avro]==2.1.0
    # via -r requirements.in
contourpy==1.0.7
    # via matplotlib
croniter==1.3.8
    # via
    #   faust-streaming
    #   mode-streaming
cryptography==40.0.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   authlib
    #   azure-storage-blob
    #   pyopenssl
    #   snowflake-connector-python
    #   snowflake-ingest
cssselect2==0.7.0
    # via
    #   cairosvg
    #   weasyprint
cycler==0.11.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   matplotlib
dacite==1.8.0
    # via dataclasses-avroschema
dataclasses-avroschema==0.41.1
    # via -r requirements.in
dataclasses-json==0.5.7
    # via
    #   langchain
    #   llama-index
dataclasses-jsonschema==2.16.0
    # via -r requirements.in
dateparser==1.1.8
    # via -r requirements.in
decorator==5.1.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   validators
defusedxml==0.7.1
    # via cairosvg
deprecated==1.2.13
    # via argilla
deprecation==2.1.0
    # via pikepdf
dnspython==2.3.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   pymongo
ecdsa==0.18.0
    # via python-jose
enum-compat==0.0.3
    # via intuit-oauth
et-xmlfile==1.1.0
    # via openpyxl
exceptiongroup==1.1.1
    # via
    #   cattrs
    #   pytest
ezdxf==1.0.3
    # via -r requirements.in
faker==18.4.0
    # via dataclasses-avroschema
fastavro==1.7.3
    # via
    #   confluent-kafka
    #   dataclasses-avroschema
faust-streaming==0.10.10
    # via dataclasses-avroschema
filelock==3.11.0
    # via snowflake-connector-python
flask==2.2.3
    # via -r requirements.in
fonttools[woff]==4.39.3
    # via
    #   matplotlib
    #   weasyprint
frozenlist==1.3.3
    # via
    #   aiohttp
    #   aiosignal
fsspec==2023.3.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   s3fs
furl==2.1.3
    # via snowflake-ingest
future==0.18.3
    # via intuit-oauth
geographiclib==2.0
    # via geopy
geopy==2.3.0
    # via -r requirements.in
gql==3.4.0
    # via -r requirements.in
graphql-core==3.2.3
    # via gql
greenlet==2.0.2
    # via sqlalchemy
gunicorn==20.1.0
    # via -r requirements.in
h11==0.14.0
    # via
    #   httpcore
    #   hypercorn
    #   wsproto
h2==4.1.0
    # via hypercorn
hpack==4.0.0
    # via h2
html5lib==1.1
    # via weasyprint
httpcore==0.16.3
    # via httpx
httpx==0.23.3
    # via argilla
hypercorn==0.14.3
    # via -r requirements.in
hyperframe==6.0.1
    # via h2
idna==3.4
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   anyio
    #   requests
    #   rfc3986
    #   snowflake-connector-python
    #   yarl
imageio==2.27.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   scikit-image
importlib-metadata==6.1.0
    # via -r requirements.in
inflect==6.0.4
    # via dataclasses-avroschema
iniconfig==2.0.0
    # via pytest
intervaltree==3.1.0
    # via faust-streaming
intuit-oauth==1.2.4
    # via -r requirements.in
isodate==0.6.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   azure-storage-blob
    #   msrest
itsdangerous==2.1.2
    # via flask
jinja2==3.1.2
    # via flask
jmespath==1.0.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   boto3
    #   botocore
joblib==1.2.0
    # via
    #   nltk
    #   scikit-learn
jsonschema==4.17.3
    # via dataclasses-jsonschema
kafka-python==2.0.2
    # via aiokafka
kiwisolver==1.4.4
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   matplotlib
langchain==0.0.133
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   llama-index
lazy-loader==0.2
    # via scikit-image
llama-index==0.5.9
    # via -r requirements.in
looker-sdk==23.4.0
    # via -r requirements.in
lxml==4.9.2
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   pikepdf
    #   python-docx
    #   python-pptx
    #   unstructured
markdown==3.4.3
    # via unstructured
markupsafe==2.1.2
    # via
    #   jinja2
    #   werkzeug
marshmallow==3.19.0
    # via
    #   dataclasses-json
    #   marshmallow-enum
marshmallow-enum==1.5.1
    # via dataclasses-json
matplotlib==3.7.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   seaborn
mode-streaming==0.3.5
    # via faust-streaming
monotonic==1.6
    # via argilla
msg-parser==1.2.0
    # via unstructured
msrest==0.7.1
    # via -r requirements.in
multidict==6.0.4
    # via
    #   aiohttp
    #   yarl
mypy-extensions==1.0.0
    # via
    #   faust-streaming
    #   mode-streaming
    #   typing-inspect
networkx==3.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   scikit-image
nltk==3.8.1
    # via unstructured
numpy==1.23.5
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   argilla
    #   contourpy
    #   imageio
    #   langchain
    #   llama-index
    #   matplotlib
    #   opencv-python
    #   pandas
    #   pyarrow
    #   pywavelets
    #   scikit-image
    #   scikit-learn
    #   scipy
    #   seaborn
    #   tifffile
oauthlib==3.2.2
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   requests-oauthlib
olefile==0.46
    # via msg-parser
openai==0.27.4
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   llama-index
openapi-schema-pydantic==1.2.4
    # via langchain
opencv-python==4.7.0.72
    # via -r requirements.in
openpyxl==3.1.2
    # via unstructured
opentracing==2.4.0
    # via faust-streaming
orderedmultidict==1.0.1
    # via furl
orjson==3.8.9
    # via -r requirements.in
oscrypto==1.3.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   snowflake-connector-python
packaging==23.0
    # via
    #   aiokafka
    #   argilla
    #   deprecation
    #   marshmallow
    #   matplotlib
    #   pikepdf
    #   pytest
    #   scikit-image
    #   snowflake-connector-python
pandas==1.5.3
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   argilla
    #   llama-index
    #   pydruid
    #   seaborn
    #   snowflake-connector-python
    #   unstructured
pikepdf==7.1.2
    # via -r requirements.in
pillow==9.5.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   cairosvg
    #   imageio
    #   matplotlib
    #   pikepdf
    #   python-pptx
    #   scikit-image
    #   unstructured
    #   weasyprint
pluggy==1.0.0
    # via
    #   allure-python-commons
    #   pytest
priority==2.0.0
    # via hypercorn
pyactiveresource==2.2.2
    # via shopifyapi
pyairtable==1.4.0
    # via -r requirements.in
pyarrow==10.0.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   snowflake-connector-python
pyasn1==0.4.8
    # via
    #   python-jose
    #   rsa
pycparser==2.21
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   cffi
pycryptodomex==3.17
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   snowflake-connector-python
pydantic==1.10.7
    # via
    #   argilla
    #   inflect
    #   langchain
    #   openapi-schema-pydantic
pydruid[pandas]==0.6.5
    # via -r requirements.in
pydyf==0.6.0
    # via weasyprint
pygments==2.14.0
    # via rich
pyjwt==2.6.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   shopifyapi
    #   snowflake-connector-python
    #   snowflake-ingest
pymongo==4.3.3
    # via -r requirements.in
pyopenssl==23.1.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   snowflake-connector-python
pypandoc==1.11
    # via unstructured
pyparsing==3.0.9
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   ezdxf
    #   matplotlib
pyphen==0.14.0
    # via weasyprint
pypng==0.20220715.0
    # via qrcode
pyrsistent==0.19.3
    # via jsonschema
pytest==7.2.2
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   allure-pytest
    #   pytest-mock
pytest-mock==3.10.0
    # via -r requirements.in
python-dateutil==2.8.2
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   argo-workflows
    #   arrow
    #   botocore
    #   boxsdk
    #   croniter
    #   dataclasses-jsonschema
    #   dateparser
    #   faker
    #   matplotlib
    #   pandas
python-docx==0.8.11
    # via unstructured
python-jose==3.3.0
    # via intuit-oauth
python-magic==0.4.27
    # via unstructured
python-pptx==0.6.21
    # via unstructured
pytz==2023.3
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   dataclasses-avroschema
    #   dateparser
    #   pandas
    #   snowflake-connector-python
pytz-deprecation-shim==0.1.0.post0
    # via tzlocal
pywavelets==1.4.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   scikit-image
pyyaml==6.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   langchain
    #   shopifyapi
qrcode==7.4.2
    # via -r requirements.in
redis==4.5.4
    # via -r requirements.in
regex==2023.3.23
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   dateparser
    #   nltk
    #   tiktoken
requests==2.28.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   airtable
    #   azure-core
    #   boxsdk
    #   confluent-kafka
    #   intuit-oauth
    #   langchain
    #   looker-sdk
    #   msrest
    #   openai
    #   pyairtable
    #   pydruid
    #   requests-oauthlib
    #   requests-toolbelt
    #   snowflake-connector-python
    #   snowflake-ingest
    #   tiktoken
    #   unstructured
    #   weaviate-client
requests-oauthlib==1.3.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   intuit-oauth
    #   msrest
requests-toolbelt==0.10.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   boxsdk
rfc3986[idna2008]==1.5.0
    # via httpx
rich==13.0.1
    # via argilla
rsa==4.9
    # via python-jose
s3fs==0.4.2
    # via -r requirements.in
s3transfer==0.6.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   boto3
scikit-image==0.20.0
    # via -r requirements.in
scikit-learn==1.2.2
    # via -r requirements.in
scipy==1.10.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   scikit-image
    #   scikit-learn
seaborn==0.12.2
    # via -r requirements.in
segno==1.5.2
    # via -r requirements.in
sentry-sdk==1.19.1
    # via -r requirements.in
shapely==1.8.5.post1
    # via -r requirements.in
shopifyapi==12.2.0
    # via -r requirements.in
six==1.16.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   airtable
    #   azure-core
    #   ecdsa
    #   faust-streaming
    #   furl
    #   html5lib
    #   intuit-oauth
    #   isodate
    #   orderedmultidict
    #   pyactiveresource
    #   python-dateutil
    #   shopifyapi
slack-bolt==1.17.0
    # via -r requirements.in
slack-sdk==3.20.2
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   slack-bolt
sniffio==1.3.0
    # via
    #   anyio
    #   httpcore
    #   httpx
snowflake-connector-python[pandas]==3.0.2
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   snowflake-ingest
snowflake-ingest==1.0.5
    # via -r requirements.in
sortedcontainers==2.4.0
    # via intervaltree
soupsieve==2.4
    # via beautifulsoup4
sqlalchemy==1.4.47
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   langchain
statsd-exporter==3.2.1
    # via -r requirements.in
stringcase==1.2.0
    # via dataclasses-avroschema
structlog==23.1.0
    # via -r requirements.in
tenacity==8.2.2
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   langchain
    #   llama-index
terminaltables==3.1.10
    # via faust-streaming
threadpoolctl==3.1.0
    # via scikit-learn
tifffile==2023.3.21
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   scikit-image
tiktoken==0.3.3
    # via llama-index
tinycss==0.4
    # via -r requirements.in
tinycss2==1.2.1
    # via
    #   cairosvg
    #   cssselect2
    #   weasyprint
toml==0.10.2
    # via hypercorn
tomli==2.0.1
    # via pytest
tqdm==4.65.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   argilla
    #   nltk
    #   openai
    #   weaviate-client
typer==0.7.0
    # via -r requirements.in
typing-extensions==4.5.0 ; python_version < "3.11"
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   azure-core
    #   azure-storage-blob
    #   ezdxf
    #   looker-sdk
    #   pydantic
    #   qrcode
    #   snowflake-connector-python
    #   typing-inspect
typing-inspect==0.8.0
    # via dataclasses-json
tzdata==2023.3
    # via pytz-deprecation-shim
tzlocal==4.3
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   dateparser
unstructured==0.5.11
    # via -r requirements.in
urllib3==1.26.15
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   argo-workflows
    #   botocore
    #   requests
    #   sentry-sdk
    #   snowflake-connector-python
validators==0.19.0
    # via weaviate-client
venusian==3.0.0
    # via faust-streaming
wand==0.6.11
    # via -r requirements.in
weasyprint==58.1
    # via -r requirements.in
weaviate-client==3.15.4
    # via -r requirements.in
webencodings==0.5.1
    # via
    #   cssselect2
    #   html5lib
    #   tinycss2
websockets==11.0.1
    # via -r requirements.in
werkzeug==2.2.3
    # via flask
wrapt==1.14.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   aiobotocore
    #   argilla
    #   deprecated
wsproto==1.2.0
    # via hypercorn
xlsxwriter==3.0.9
    # via python-pptx
yarl==1.8.2
    # via
    #   aiohttp
    #   faust-streaming
    #   gql
zipp==3.15.0
    # via importlib-metadata
zopfli==0.2.2
    # via fonttools

# The following packages are considered to be unsafe in a requirements file:
# setuptools
