#
# This file is autogenerated by pip-compile
# To update, run:
#
#    pip-compile requirements.txt
#
airtable==0.4.8
    # via -r requirements.txt
alphashape==1.2.1
    # via -r requirements.txt
asn1crypto==1.5.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   oscrypto
    #   snowflake-connector-python
attrs==22.2.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   boxsdk
    #   cattrs
    #   looker-sdk
azure-common==1.1.28
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   snowflake-connector-python
azure-core==1.26.3
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   azure-storage-blob
azure-storage-blob==12.15.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   snowflake-connector-python
boto3==1.26.76
#==1.17.29
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   snowflake-connector-python
botocore==1.29.76
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   boto3
    #   s3transfer
boxsdk==3.7.0
    # via -r requirements.txt
cattrs
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   looker-sdk
certifi==2022.12.7
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   msrest
    #   requests
    #   snowflake-connector-python
cffi==1.15.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   cryptography
    #   snowflake-connector-python
chardet==5.1.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   requests
    #   snowflake-connector-python
click-log==0.4.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   alphashape
click==8.1.3
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   alphashape
    #   click-log
    #   typer
cryptography==40.0.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   azure-storage-blob
    #   pyopenssl
    #   snowflake-connector-python
cycler==0.11.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   matplotlib
dateparser==1.1.8
    # via -r requirements.txt
decorator==5.1.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   networkx
dnspython==2.3.0
    # via -r requirements.txt
fsspec==2023.3.0
    # via -r requirements.txt
idna==3.4
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   requests
    #   snowflake-connector-python
imageio==2.27.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   scikit-image
isodate==0.6.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   msrest
jmespath==1.0.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   boto3
    #   botocore
kiwisolver
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   matplotlib
looker-sdk==23.4.0
    # via -r requirements.txt
matplotlib
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   scikit-image
msrest==0.7.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   azure-storage-blob
networkx==3.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   scikit-image
numpy==1.23.5
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   alphashape
    #   imageio
    #   matplotlib
    #   pandas
    #   pyarrow
    #   pywavelets
    #   scikit-image
    #   scipy
    #   tifffile
oauthlib==3.2.2
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   requests-oauthlib
oscrypto==1.3.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   snowflake-connector-python
pandas==1.5.3
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   pydruid
    #   snowflake-connector-python
pillow==9.5.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   imageio
    #   matplotlib
    #   scikit-image
pyarrow==10.0.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   snowflake-connector-python
pycparser==2.21
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   cffi
pycryptodomex==3.17
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   snowflake-connector-python
pydruid[pandas]==0.6.5
    # via -r requirements.txt
pymongo==4.3.3
    # via -r requirements.txt
pyopenssl==23.1.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   snowflake-connector-python
pyparsing==3.0.9
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   matplotlib
python-dateutil==2.8.2
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   botocore
    #   dateparser
    #   matplotlib
    #   pandas
pytz==2023.3
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   dateparser
    #   pandas
    #   snowflake-connector-python
    #   tzlocal
pywavelets==1.4.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   scikit-image
pyyaml==6.0
    # via -r requirements.txt
regex==2023.3.23
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   dateparser
requests-oauthlib==1.3.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   msrest
requests-toolbelt==0.10.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   boxsdk
requests==2.28.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   airtable
    #   azure-core
    #   boxsdk
    #   looker-sdk
    #   msrest
    #   pydruid
    #   requests-oauthlib
    #   requests-toolbelt
    #   snowflake-connector-python
s3transfer==0.6.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   boto3
scikit-image==0.20.0
    # via -r requirements.txt
scipy==1.10.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   alphashape
    #   scikit-image
shapely==1.8.5.post1
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   alphashape
six==1.16.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   airtable
    #   azure-core
    #   boxsdk
    #   cycler
    #   isodate
    #   pyopenssl
    #   python-dateutil
    #   tenacity
snowflake-connector-python[pandas]
    # via -r requirements.txt
structlog==23.1.0
    # via -r requirements.txt
tenacity==8.2.2
    # via -r requirements.txt
tifffile==2023.3.21
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   scikit-image
typer==0.7.0
    # via -r requirements.txt
tzlocal==4.3
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   dateparser
urllib3==1.26.15
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   botocore
    #   requests
wrapt==1.14.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   boxsdk
s3fs~=0.4.2
# The following packages are considered to be unsafe in a requirements file:
# setuptools
snowflake-ingest==1.0.5
scikit-learn==1.2.2
confluent-kafka[avro]==2.1.0
PyJWT==1.7.1
flask==2.2.3
statsd-exporter
sentry_sdk==1.3.0
pytest==7.2.2
ShopifyAPI
argo-workflows==6.4.6
cerberus==1.3.4
ezdxf==1.0.3
intuit-oauth==1.2.4
orjson==3.8.9
opencv-python==4.7.0.72
tinycss
segno
arrow==1.2.3
dataclasses-avroschema
dataclasses-jsonschema
seaborn
aiohttp==3.8.4
websockets