#
# This file is autogenerated by pip-compile
# To update, run:
#
#    pip-compile requirements.txt
#
airtable==0.4.8
    # via -r requirements.txt
alphashape==1.2.1
    # via -r requirements.txt
asn1crypto==1.4.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   oscrypto
    #   snowflake-connector-python
attrs==20.3.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   boxsdk
    #   cattrs
    #   looker-sdk
azure-common==1.1.26
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   snowflake-connector-python
azure-core==1.12.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   azure-storage-blob
azure-storage-blob==12.8.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   snowflake-connector-python
boto3~=1.17.29
#==1.17.29
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   snowflake-connector-python
botocore==1.20.29
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   boto3
    #   s3transfer
boxsdk==2.11.0
    # via -r requirements.txt
cattrs
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   looker-sdk
certifi==2020.12.5
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   msrest
    #   requests
    #   snowflake-connector-python
cffi==1.14.5
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   cryptography
    #   snowflake-connector-python
chardet==3.0.4
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   requests
    #   snowflake-connector-python
click-log==0.3.2
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   alphashape
click==7.1.2
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   alphashape
    #   click-log
    #   typer
cryptography~=3.4.7
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   azure-storage-blob
    #   pyopenssl
    #   snowflake-connector-python
cycler==0.10.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   matplotlib
dateparser==0.7.6
    # via -r requirements.txt
decorator==4.4.2
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   networkx
dnspython==2.1.0
    # via -r requirements.txt
fsspec==0.8.7
    # via -r requirements.txt
idna==2.10
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   requests
    #   snowflake-connector-python
imageio==2.9.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   scikit-image
isodate==0.6.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   msrest
jmespath==0.10.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   boto3
    #   botocore
kiwisolver
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   matplotlib
looker-sdk==7.20.0
    # via -r requirements.txt
matplotlib
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   scikit-image
msrest==0.6.21
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   azure-storage-blob
networkx==2.5
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   scikit-image
numpy==1.19.5
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   alphashape
    #   imageio
    #   matplotlib
    #   pandas
    #   pyarrow
    #   pywavelets
    #   scikit-image
    #   scipy
    #   tifffile
oauthlib==3.1.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   requests-oauthlib
oscrypto==1.2.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   snowflake-connector-python
pandas==1.1.3
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   pydruid
    #   snowflake-connector-python
pillow==8.1.2
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   imageio
    #   matplotlib
    #   scikit-image
pyarrow==3.0.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   snowflake-connector-python
pycparser==2.20
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   cffi
pycryptodomex==3.10.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   snowflake-connector-python
pydruid[pandas]==0.6.2
    # via -r requirements.txt
pymongo==3.11.2
    # via -r requirements.txt
pyopenssl==19.1.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   snowflake-connector-python
pyparsing==2.4.7
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   matplotlib
python-dateutil==2.8.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   botocore
    #   dateparser
    #   matplotlib
    #   pandas
pytz==2020.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   dateparser
    #   pandas
    #   snowflake-connector-python
    #   tzlocal
pywavelets==1.1.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   scikit-image
pyyaml==5.4.1
    # via -r requirements.txt
regex==2020.11.13
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   dateparser
requests-oauthlib==1.3.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   msrest
requests-toolbelt==0.9.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   boxsdk
requests==2.23.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   airtable
    #   azure-core
    #   boxsdk
    #   looker-sdk
    #   msrest
    #   pydruid
    #   requests-oauthlib
    #   requests-toolbelt
    #   snowflake-connector-python
s3transfer==0.3.4
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   boto3
scikit-image==0.18.1
    # via -r requirements.txt
scipy==1.6.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   alphashape
    #   scikit-image
shapely==1.8.4
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   alphashape
six==1.15.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   airtable
    #   azure-core
    #   boxsdk
    #   cycler
    #   isodate
    #   pyopenssl
    #   python-dateutil
    #   tenacity
snowflake-connector-python[pandas]
    # via -r requirements.txt
structlog==20.2.0
    # via -r requirements.txt
tenacity==6.3.1
    # via -r requirements.txt
tifffile==2021.3.5
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   scikit-image
typer==0.3.2
    # via -r requirements.txt
tzlocal==2.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   dateparser
urllib3==1.25.11
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   botocore
    #   requests
wrapt==1.12.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   boxsdk
s3fs~=0.4.2
# The following packages are considered to be unsafe in a requirements file:
# setuptools
snowflake-ingest==1.0.4
scikit-learn==0.24.2
confluent-kafka[avro]==1.4.0
PyJWT==1.7.1
flask==2.0.1
statsd-exporter
sentry_sdk==1.3.0
pytest==6.2.3
ShopifyAPI
argo-workflows==5.0.0
cerberus==1.3.4
ezdxf==0.16.5
intuit-oauth==1.2.4
orjson==3.6.0
opencv-python==4.4.0.42
tinycss
segno
arrow==0.15.8
dataclasses-avroschema==0.27.0
dataclasses-jsonschema==2.15.0